Did you sleep well?
Your eyes are swollen.
Don't cry from now on.
Promise?
I promise.
Aren't you hungry?
I am.
The house is a little old. It must have been cold last night.
No, the floor was really warm.
It wasn't cold at all thanks to the covers you gave us.
We neither have a television nor computer. You must have been bored.
We don't own much.
- Please understand. - It's fine.
- Thank you for the meal. - Thank you.
Eat up.
What do you want to eat?
You should eat what you want.
Eat up.
- Is it delicious? - Yes.
You have such...
big eyes and nose.
You have pretty lips too.
I was wondering how someone could look so pretty.
But now, I remember seeing you on television.
Thank you for everything. Thanks to you, we slept well...
and had a great breakfast. I heard the car has been fixed too.
We won't bother you anymore.
You speak so kindly.
I didn't know that young people could be like that.
Pardon?
I meant your husband.
Why?
Yesterday, he was standing there...
in the dark, anxious and worried.
- Yesterday? - Yes.
Before you both came in.
He came first and begged us to let you sleep for a night.
I couldn't refuse.
He said he didn't need to sleep...
and that he just needed to get his wife a place to sleep.
We are not from here,
and there aren't any young people here. So we were scared at first.
But he seemed so urgent,
so we let him in.
Thank you.
You chose well.
Yes. He's kind.
He's not just kind.
He has such a big heart.
Excuse me.
Yes?
I'm sorry, but may I borrow your car for a moment?
I need to visit the village.
Your wife is here.
You won't run away, right?
Of course not. I'll be quick.
Oh, my. This fits perfectly.
Gosh. What is this?
Thank you.
For a young person, you're really nice...
and pick up things quickly.
How did you even think of this?
Oh, there he is.
(The 14th  : Before Sunrise)
(The 14th story: Before Sunrise)
Does a Sa Ho Sung work here?
Sa Ho Sung? I've never heard that name before.
Do you know "Love Cosmos"?
It's someone who draws cosmos flowers.
I don't.
Wasn't a box of mandarins delivered here from Jeju Island?
No.
If you ever hear of or meet Sa Ho Sung or Love Cosmos,
please give me a call.
Sure.
Hi. I checked again, and it's that school.
It's the only school with that name.
Okay. Thanks.
I think this is the right neighborhood.
- Is it someone else? - No.
I bet she ran away.
Mom and Dad lost her right in front of their eyes many times.
Since we're here, let's ask around the village.
Her name is Sa Ho Sung.
She's in her late 30s.
Sa Ho Sung? A woman in her late 30s?
This isn't a city center. There are no women in their 30s.
There are only old people.
Wait, there is one.
A young woman lives behind the sacred tree.
- Okay? - Soo Yeon? Soo Hyun?
Yes, it's Lee Soo Hyun.
She's the only young lady.
I love it.
I'll frame it and hang it up in a sunlit corner.
(Community Center)
- Hello. - Welcome.
I brought this for all of you to drink.
Here you go.
- Here. - This looks tasty.
Have you heard of Sa Ho Sung?
- Sa Ho Sun? - Sa Ho Sun?
Sa Ho Sung, not Sa Ho Sun.
- She doesn't live here. - Never heard the name before.
I don't know her.
Is Sa Ho Sung a person's name?
There's no one with that name here.
- You don't know? - Go to that room,
and ask if the men know her.
Hello, how are you?
I'd like to ask you something.
Do any of you know of a Sa Ho Sung who lives here?
- Who? - Sa Ho Sung.
Sa Ho Sung? I don't know that name.
What's the name of the girl who lives behind the sacred tree?
Her name is Soo Hyun.
- Lee Soo Hyun. - Is it?
Checkmate.
Hello, ma'am, can I ask you something?
Do you know if a Sa Ho Sung lives in the area?
I don't know.
She's a young woman.
Sir, can I ask a question?
Do you know if a Sa Ho Sung lives nearby?
I don't know.
Sa... Sa? I don't know.
Sa Ho Sung?
You're in no situation to be in...
"My Wife's Ghost Marriage".
If the chief finds out,
he would bow to you in the lobby.
That would be great.
Let's not do it.
Tell the director you can't do it.
What's the point in not working?
You want to die counting money.
Is it because I'm always talking about money?
No. I want to make a living too.
I'm the housewives' EXO.
I really think this is the wrong move.
Wait. Think about it again.
I'll be treated well and paid well. Isn't that just great?
A meeting with Anthony?
He's past his season and good for nothing.
He's not even Sa Jin Jin's husband anymore,
and his acting isn't that great. Why should I meet him?
Don't you know we cast rookie actor Kim Min Chul?
He said he'd come in for a meeting.
I couldn't think of an excuse in time. I apologize.
We have to make small talk if we meet him.
Do you know how exhausting that is?
I got your hopes up only to return to Seoul empty-handed.
Sorry.
I should apologize.
You skipped work.
What'll you do?
Who cares? I'm delighted to skip work.
I wonder where she is.
What are you looking at?
Look at this.
It's Sa Jin Jin. Was that photoshopped?
No, she came to our school.
Why?
To find someone.
- These mandarins are sweet. - There are more over there.
Ms. Lee Soo Hyun had some sent from Jeju Island.
Who's Ms. Lee?
The art teacher who comes in to teach the kids after school.
The teacher from Jeju Island?
- Her name is Lee Soo Hyun? - Yes.
A young woman...
- lives behind the sacred tree. - Okay.
Soo Yeon? Soo Hyun? Yes, it's Lee Soo Hyun.
Her name is Soo Hyun.
- Lee Soo Hyun. - Is it?
Lee Soo Hyun.
Lee Soo Hyun?
(To Sa Ho Sung)
Okay.
I found the box. Hang on.
Here it is.
"To Sa Ho Sung, from Lee Soo Hyun"
- Okay, thanks. - Sure.
It's her love letter.
Min Ho.
- Min Ho! - What?
Is something wrong?
Yes. We're going back.
[VIU Ver] E27 20th Century Boy & Girl "Before Sunrise"
-= Ruo Xi =-
You saw that? Do you know Sa Jin Jin?
She was here today.
- Was she? - My goodness.
Her eyes, nose, and mouth all fit in that tiny face.
She was looking for someone.
Whom could she be looking for in this countryside?
Did you buy clothes? It suits you perfectly.
You look so pretty, Soo Hyun.
Hey.
Hey. Ho Sung.
It's Ji Won. Gong Ji Won.
Ji Won.
Pack up.
I said pack up.
You don't have much to pack anyway.
Let's just go.
Get up.
I said get up. We're going home.
This is my home.
Come to your senses, Ho Sung.
No, what was it?
Lee Soo Hyun?
Why are you Lee Soo Hyun?
Why is your name Lee Soo Hyun?
Your love must be really important.
Goodness.
(Sender: Lee Soo Hyun, Receiver: Sa Ho Sung)
(Receiver: Sa Ho Sung)
How important was him for you to abandon your own family,
break your own parents' hearts, and change your name?
You should've at least led a good life after making us all suffer.
That was the least you could've done for us.
Did you choose love over family just to go into hiding...
and lead a life like this?
I'm happy.
What?
Fine.
I can clearly see that you're happy.
Let's go now.
Get up.
- I said I won't go. - Why not?
This is my home.
You should go home.
You're crazy.
Let's go. Get up right now. Mom's waiting for you.
Let's hurry home. Mom's waiting.
She's sick.
Because of you, she's sick.
She got sick from waiting for you to come home.
Who are you to make Mom sick?
Die. You should just die.
You should die so that she doesn't have to wait for you.
Do me a favor, and just die. I just want you to die!
I just wish you'd be gone. I want you to disappear from this world.
(Jeong Eun)
The number you have dialed is...
(President Jang Ki Bong)
- Hi. - I got you a meeting for the role.
The day after tomorrow in Sinsa-dong at 7pm.
- You're coming, right? - Of course.
When are you moving into the office?
I'm paying the fee alone until you move in.
I said I'll move in soon.
Gosh, it's winter again which means this year is almost over again.
- Ms. Han, - Yes?
what are you doing for Christmas?
I don't know.
Do you want to hang out with me?
On Christmas? Don't you have a date?
No, I don't.
Why not?
I'm getting married on Christmas.
- What? - I'm getting married on Christmas.
Are you serious?
My gosh, congratulations.
But why are you rushing to get married?
We have everything we need for our marriage.
Sorry?
No way.
Why are you blushing like a kid?
I'm glad you guys have all that you need.
- Ms. Han. - Yes?
Do you want to come to the bridal shop?
Me?
I think you need to get your own dress soon too.
Reum.
Hi.
Get in!
Ji Hye is getting married on Christmas.
- Is that so? - Yes.
Then what are you going to do?
I'll give her a lot of cash for her wedding. She's in my team after all.
What? So we're not hanging out on Christmas?
We're going to.
Is there a Christmas gift you want from me?
- There isn't. - But there is one for me.
What is it?
- A handwritten letter. - A handwritten letter?
A beautiful, handwritten letter you wrote with your heart.
Well, that won't be hard.
I can write you one right away.
I'll write one right now.
Hold on a second.
Merry Christmas. I appreciate your hard work.
I'll put it in here.
Read it later.
My gosh. Is that a handwritten letter?
I've never written one before.
This is fun.
Why did you come here?
I'm going to sleep at my place today.
Reum.
You're so pretty.
Which part?
- Which part? - Yes.
Go home.
I'm not comfortable with you staying there. Go back to your mom's.
What a cool guy.
Stop playing, and get off now. Hurry.
- Get off. - My goodness.
You're scared of staying there too.
When was I scared?
- Close the door, and go inside. - No.
Gosh, you scared me.
Why would your own mother scare you?
Are you feeling guilty or something?
Not at all.
Who was that?
- What do you mean? - The guy you were with downstairs.
My boyfriend.
What? Your boyfriend?
My gosh. Hey, you. Sit down.
What?
What does he do?
He's a doctor.
A doctor?
- How old is he? - We're the same age.
- Where does he live? - I don't know.
- Where did he go to school? - I don't know.
How about his family? How many siblings does he have?
Are his parents alive? What do they do?
I don't know. I didn't ask.
What? You're unbelievable.
Think about your age. How could you not ask him those questions?
These days, whether it's fate or not,
every relationship is built on qualifications.
You must check thoroughly from A to Z.
That's how you'll know whether to marry or break up with him.
Marry him?
When did you decide that you were going to marry Dad?
I decided to get married...
When?
When I was a little out of my mind?
If it's too complicated, think about it tomorrow.
Tomorrow,
it will all be fine.
Sir.
I have something to tell you.
Someone will visit tomorrow to check the boilers. Don't forget.
We need them checked before it gets too cold.
If you just leave them, it could cause trouble.
And I took your parka to the laundry.
Don't forget to bring it.
There is bulgogi on the frying pan ready to be cooked.
I'll wash white clothes with only a little bit of detergent.
That's how you wash them clean.
You're not going far away.
If I leave home for just a while,
it becomes a pigsty.
Gosh, you only know how to make a mess...
and not how to clean them up.
Don't worry. You should go to the hospital and take a rest.
- Think of this as a vacation. - All right.
You're the only one who cares for me.
And by the way,
after I go into surgery tomorrow, don't starve.
Have breakfast, all right?
There's a restaurant that makes good hangover soup.
Gosh, don't worry about me.
I'll take you to the hospital.
You should leave early to avoid rush hour.
No, it's fine. You should go to work.
You're a busy man. Don't mind me. It's fine.
That'll make me feel better.
Don't.
Don't treat me like I have a serious disease.
She'll get well soon.
You need to do something with me after you eat.
- Don't put it over here. - Gosh.
- Did you wash? - What?
I'll do the rest. You should go upstairs first.
- Really? - Yes.
All right.
Stop.
- Mom, I'm going. - Okay.
Oh, my. They're all clean now.
You're always doing the hard work.
It's nothing.
I had to do something after eating such a delicious meal.
I know you're flattering me, but it feels nice.
- It isn't just flattery. Thank you. - All right.
Oh, my.
Hey! Hey!
I knew it.
(Episode 28 will air shortly.)